can we see me can we hear me
as always
those are slightly important things
before I continue with the actual intro
so we're gonna go ahead and wait a
second while the uh
low not resolution latency kicks in
and you guys can actually hear the
question and answer and let me know
according to B music we can
hey guys
hey
it's so okay I'm gonna be mushy for a
second
I just seeing so many familiar names
like every single freaking time is
really heartwarming
I gotta say am I about to get emotional
about this
I might it's fine it's whatever
there's so many familiar names all the
time
ah
it's wonderful anyway
I'm Brittany
this is lanjen
and welcome to gaywatch where we watch
gay things uh we are currently working
our way through volume 3 of moto zouche
um I have seen the Untamed but I have
not read this book so this is a reading
reaction type situation as opposed to
any kind of you know audio book or even
remotely semi-serious type of
Arrangements
um I have an asthmatic cough that comes
up every now and then
and I try to aim it away from the mic as
best I can but it's just something that
comes with the territory it's like every
time I have to start up a reading live
stream again the cough comes back
because it's
beautiful timing uh but we can it's it's
it shouldn't be that big a deal it
should be fine
um there's always one thing I almost
forget and it's a different thing like
every time
foreign
oh Catherine it's your first time
yay I'm so glad you're here
there are a lot of uh a lot of uh
recurring people in this stream
so they uh um they usually I believe
they usually help
um
keeping track of what page I'm on I try
to remind you guys every now and then
but you know
um 80d so I forget really easily
we just let uh
we let the first couple of minutes go by
so that people can get the notification
and come on in and then we will be
starting
at
hang on where are we starting oh that's
right it's not it wasn't a clean
stopping point last time we had to stop
on a bit of a
cliffhanger
yeah we were just about to get the
download about Chichen and Wang Chi's
upbringing
that's where we were at we were at the
top of page 210.
towards the beginning I believe of
chapter 14 I think we only got a few
pages in oh maybe I'm a liar
oh yeah I know we were we were a good
few pages into chapter 14 which is
called Soft
okay which I'm still stressed about
so let's see
let's see let's see
it's been a few minutes
the people have arrived according to
this lovely graph thing that they give
you
so let's go ahead and begin yes we're
back in the present we're back in the
gay present as I like to refer to it
so let's see let's see let's let's see
hang on sip a t first
oh that's still plenty hot
um there will be a break about 45
minutes to an hour in for about 10
minutes maybe 15 on bad back days
um but that's so I can walk around
stretch my back and it gives you guys a
chance to go off and do anything that
you need to do before coming back for
the second half we usually finish around
4 30 sometimes 4 45
for all the new people like Catherine in
case there there are there are more
foreign all right
okay because if I remember correctly the
download about
XI Chan and wangji kind of goes right
into
one of the biggest
scenes
one of my personal favorite scenes I
believe
but you can't be sure
because of uh adaptational changes
so we're just gonna Dive Right In I'm
just gonna I'm just gonna go I'm just
gonna go we're gonna see what the hell
mxtx is going to do to me with its Canon
queerness that has now started to
actually show up
all right
Lan Chi Chen glanced at him this was
once my mother's residence in the cloud
recesses
of course his mother was Len Wang Chi's
mother too weirushan found this rather
strange the heads of the land clan of
gusu traditionally took the wintry room
as their residence which was a far cry
from this small cottage tucked away in a
Nook of the cloud recesses
could it be that Len Wang xu's parents
lived separately because they were like
Zhang fang mean and Madame you an
incompatible pair in a forced marriage
no matter how you consider it there
couldn't have been a pleasant reason for
why the family had and the mistress
didn't live together
the wife of Ching Han Jun the previous
head of the land clan of gusu was said
to have been frail and perpetually in a
convalescent state which made it
inadvisable for her to host guests
people knew very little about her to
begin with and so everyone privately
speculated that this illness might be a
front for something too disgraceful to
be seen in public such as a
disfigurement or disability heaven
forbid am I right
where and where in ancient times
as such it wasn't weirushen's place to
pry he held his tongue and waited for
Lan Chichen to speak on his own terms
started you are probably aware that my
father was in seclusion year round and
paid no attention to the Affairs of the
secular world
the land clan of gusu was managed by my
Shifu almost single-handedly all those
years
that I know way wushin confirmed
lowered the hand-holding
lanchi Chan lowered the hand holding
libing
to either liveing or leaving both
disappeared under the white sleeve it
was because of my mother that my father
was in seclusion year round he continued
slowly rather than calling this place a
residence one might call it a prison
where bushan was stunned
Ching hen Joon the father of zero Jun
and hang won Jun was once a renowned
cultivator with an impressive reputation
he made a name for himself and his youth
but when he came of age of 20 he
suddenly abandoned all his Pursuits
announced his marriage and stopped
concerning himself with the Affairs of
the secular world
while the official reason put forward
was seclusion it was in truth more like
retirement many potential reasons were
discussed in gossip but none had ever
been confirmed
Lan Chichen leaned down to to a gentian
bush and gently struck the thin delicate
petals
there's an image for you ooh my husband
interacted with flowers
that's fine we all right
my father encountered my mother in his
youth outside the city of gusu on the
way back from a night hunt he smiled
apparently it was love at first sight
smiled as well young people are a
romantic bunch
but she did not reciprocate his feelings
Nancy Chen continued and then she killed
one of my father's mentors
this was completely Beyond imagining Wei
bushan knew it was rude to probe further
but when he considered that these were
the last that these were Landmark View's
parents he felt he had to ask
why
I do not know lanci Chen admitted but I
suppose it must come down to the debts
of gratitude and grudges between them
it would be inappropriate to keep prying
we would Shan forced down his curiosity
so what happened after that
after that lanci Chen resumed when my
father learned the truth he was
naturally anguished but after much
struggle he nonetheless secretly brought
her back here
disregarding the Clan's objections not
speaking so much as a word to them he
bowed to the heavens and the Earth with
her in wedding rites
he then told everyone in the clan that
she was his wife for life and that
anyone who wanted to lay a finger on her
had to first pass through him
starting to sound familiar
Wei bushan's eyes widened once the
ceremony concluded my father found a
cottage and confined my mother within
lanchi Chen continued he then found
another place for himself and confined
himself in turn he called it seclusion
but in truth it was self-reflection
he asked after a brief pause where ganji
can you understand his actions
was quiet for a moment before he offered
an answer
he couldn't bring himself to forgive the
murderer who killed his mentor and he
couldn't bring himself to watch the
woman he loved die he married her to
save her life and then forced himself to
be apart from her
do you think that was the right thing to
do lanci Chen asked I don't know
Lancey Chen appeared slightly at a loss
then what do you think was the right
thing to do
I don't know
I feel like this is growth for weirushen
he's actually admitting that he doesn't
know maybe I'm operating off of the
wrong impression but I feel like 17 year
old Wei Wu Shan 17 year old whip smart
know it all way bushan would have at
least been able to come up with
something that sounded feasible in
response instead of just admitting that
he didn't know something
that's just my impression
after a while Lance said quietly it
could be said that my father completely
disregarded the consequences of his
actions the clan Elders were enraged but
they had all watched him grow up in the
end there was nothing they could do but
keep it a secret and hint to Outsiders
that the Mistress of the land clan of
gusu had an unmentionable illness and
was thus indisposed to host guests
when Wang ji and I were born they
immediately removed us and put us in the
care of others once we were old enough
we were handed over to our shufu to be
taught and raised
my Shifu is Frank an upright by Nature
because my mother's crimes caused my
father to destroy his own life he came
to particularly loathe those who behaved
with such disregard
for that reason he was particularly
strict when raising Wang Jin and I we
could only see our mother once a month
in this little cottage
every day those two young children had
faced their Stern shufu strict teachings
and mountains of books
no matter how tired or weary they were
they had to keep their young young back
straight and be the most exemplary
juniors in the family role models in the
eyes of others
they were forbidden from growing up
alongside their closest kin they
couldn't Horse Around in their father's
arms they couldn't be cuddled and
spoiled by their mother's embrace
but the two oh
but the two children had clearly done
nothing wrong
every time Wang ji and I visited her she
never complained about how dreary it was
to be so confined with her Freedom so
restricted then she Chan said and she
never asked about our studies she
particularly loved to tease Wang ji but
you know him of course the more you
tease him the more he clams up and the
sour his face gets he has always been
that way ever since he was a child
however he chuckled although Wang XI
never said as much I knew he spent every
month
waiting for the day he got to see his
mother
that's how he
he won that was how I was
where was Shane imagined a young Len
Wang ji being held in his mother's
Embrace with his little snow white face
flushed pink he laughed as well but
before their laughter dispersed lanchi
Chen continued his Tale
but one day Shifu told us that we need
not go anymore
mother was gone
how old was lanjan at the time waywashan
asked quietly
six lanci Chen replied he was too young
to understand what God meant
no matter how much others consoled him
or how Shifu scolded him
I hate her
I hate her we're gonna cling to the
hatred I hate her
hey mxtx loathe entirely hater okay
hmm
no matter how much others consoled him
or how shufu scolded him he continued to
come here every month and sit under the
veranda
waiting for someone to open the door
even when he grew older and came to
understand that mother would never come
back that no one would ever open the
door again
he would still come
Legend stood up his dark eyes staring
directly away wushin
Wang XI has always been very stubborn
ever since he was young
leaves rustled the congregation of
gentians around the cottage swayed
affectionately With the Wind weibusan's
gaze landed on the wooden Veranda of the
small cottage he could almost see a
young child in a forehead ribbon sitting
all prim and proper in front of the
house waiting in silence for the door to
open
Madam land must have been a very gentle
woman he said
the mother in my memories was certainly
so Lancia and said I do not know her
reasons for having committed such a deed
back then and in fact I he inhaled
deeply and then confessed I have no wish
to know
after a long silence lancichen lowered
his eyes and took out my Bing a gust of
night wind elicited a murmur from the
show low and heavy like a sigh
weiwu Shan had heard Lynn She Chan play
Live being before the sound of the show
was just like zebu Jin himself like
spring Breeze melting into rain warm and
gentle and refined oh
my man ladies and gentlemen
my man
while the music was as Exquisite as ever
it left a bitter taste in one's mouth
the night Breeze gently caressed them
Lan chichen's black hair was already a
little disheveled and his forehead
ribbon slightly Askew but the head of
the land clan of gusu who was always
mindful of his deportment took no notice
it was only when his song concluded that
he put down my ping
playing music late at night is
prohibited in the cloud recesses
I have stepped out of line and made a
mockery of myself before wagonji many
times tonight
no big deal wait with Shannon assured
him as it was June forgotten that the
one who's violated the most rules of all
stands before you now
Legend chuckled the LA the land clan of
gusu has never revealed my or Wang ji's
past to the public
I should not have told you but I had the
urge to pour my heart out tonight and
did so on impulse
I'm not the gossipy sort way we Shan
stated so say resume you can rest
assured
nevertheless I suppose Wang ji would not
hide anything from you either Len
Chichen idly observed oh so idly like he
hasn't known everything right from the
beginning
uh
if he isn't willing to say I won't ask
why we shouldn't said but given waji's
personality how will he say anything if
you do not ask Nancy Chen pressed him
and there are some things that he will
not say even if you do
wavershane was about to reply when he
heard the sound of footsteps behind him
he turned around and saw that monkey
walk over bathed in Moonlight in his
right hand were two round wine jugs with
bright red seals
Wei Wu Shan's eyes lit up hang on June
you're too sweet
IE approached and handed the jugs of
Emperor's smile to him we wish and
pranced into the cottage with the jugs
in his arms and langwangji shook his
head at his retreating back though his
gaze was extremely gentle
stop
oh
an aptly named chapter
Lansing glanced at him you brought them
over from your room land Roxy nodded you
had best not touch alcohol plan she gen
advised be careful not to end up as you
did back then
his eyes fell upon the fold of clothing
near lanwangji's collarbone then when
she lowered his head to glance at his
chest it will not happen again
let you Chen forced a smile then heaved
another sigh
after Lan Chichen left Len Wang she
entered the room and gently closed the
door as Weber Shin removed the seal on
the wine jug he mauled over the story of
the founder of the land clan of gusu Lan
and as well as that of xinhanjun
the land Clan really is an ending
Paddock Bunch although the founder was a
monk and their family traditions are so
rigid they really breed some Die Hard
Romantics yeah they do I mean
a [__] understatement
now possessed of such hindsight he
couldn't help but look at the other land
descendant in the room
she was reading a book with his head
down a paper lamb stood at the corner of
his desk the soft glow made his face all
the more handsome giving attentive
warmth to his cool detached expression
and light eyes he was so dashing so
refined that he seemed ethereal
was Spellbound and mesmerized he inched
closer unable to help himself
Len Wang she looked up what is it
weibusan swiftly returned to his senses
nothing your bookmarks really pretty
that wasn't his bookmark you were
looking at
wushin
damn
you came up with better excuses before
you died
Len Rong ji's bookmark was a pale dried
flower it was extremely well preserved
the color is still Vivid and the veins
on its petals so delicately textured
that it still looked alive it gave off a
sweet and subtle fragrance as it laid
between the pages weiwishan picked up
the bookmark a peony Len Wang XI
answered in the affirmative
fiddled with the bookmark a bit before
returning it to him that was quite the
plow that was quite the blow your girl
received
Landmark ji carefully placed the
painting e back between the pages and
closed the book should he find evidence
he will not condone the crime
of coursehan said he's your good guy
after all
no matter how close lanci Chan and Jin
guangaw were
Landry Chen was still a member of the
light clan of gusu and had his
principles
we wish I had opened a wine jug when
lanjen was drunk he told me he'd never
sneaked a taste of The Emperor's smile
in his room so why did he hide all those
jugs
he couldn't have been keeping them for
me right that's a little presumptuous of
me to assume well at least the idea has
crossed your mind
baby steps I feel
come to think of it should I apologize
to him about the forehead ribbon his
thoughts continued I've messed with it
so many times but what if he gets all
mad and embarrassed and chases me off
then again I've been messing around in
general for so long and he hasn't gotten
mad yet his self-restraint has clearly
improved I reckon he won't get angry if
even if I keep doing it no wait I
shouldn't ask him might as well pretend
not to know what the forehead ribbon
means that way I can keep yanking on it
intentionally if he gets mad I'll play
all innocent and say I didn't know he
who is ignorant is innocent
way with Shan felt quite pleased with
himself
what is the matter Len Wang ji asked
we wish I turned his head and answered
with a straight face
nothing I'm happy
he absent-mindedly opened one of the
small jugs and tossed one back before
promptly sputtering the contents back
out
Len Wang she put down his book at once
what is the matter now where we
shouldn't waved his hands nothing
nothing
as he dismissed his distress with those
nothings he put the jug back and
selected another with a morose look on
his face when he'd last sneaked a drink
he'd replace the contents of the drugs
with plain water with the intent of
giving land wanji a shock when the man
drank it himself who could have first
seen his luck would be this poor of the
two drugs Len Wang ji had brought one
just so happened to be one of those jugs
of plain water and what was more way
bushan was the one who drank it oh no
the consequences of my own actions
ever since his return We Wish and had
been shooting himself in the foot every
time he wanted to prank land Wang ji how
very very frustrating
at some point well Wayward Shane fell
into a groggy sleep until Daybreak when
he suddenly jolted awake he shuddered
and crawled up to see
Lan Wang XI still dressed with his Gucci
and sword on his back Len Wang ji would
threw the hand he had set on weibusin's
shoulder and concentrated his Gaze on an
object in his palm
we have an Uninvited Guest
where we wish and squinted the thing in
line wrong ji's Palm was the land clan
of gusu's Jade travel token he knew that
Lan Wang Chi's token had high level
Authority if an outsider was to breach
the cloud recess's barrier he would be
immediately alerted
but no one had dared intrude so boldly
until the cloud recesses for over 10
years Wei Wu Shan hopped off the bed and
realized that his outer robe had been
removed at some point
as he dressed he asked who
when she shook his head in motion for a
way with Shen to follow him the two
proceeded stealthily to a resident
standing amidst a thick forest of bamboo
light seats light seeped through the
paper Windows weibusan glanced at the
wooden plaque displayed before the
courtyard the wintry room
sure enough lanci Chan sat with poise
inside the room he was not at all
surprised to see the two of them enter
But exchanged a glance with Lan Wang XI
in which both seemed to come to a tacit
understanding
Len Wang XI then led weibusan to sit
behind a screen after a while the bamboo
blinds of the wintry room lifted light
footsteps patted into the room then the
guest seemed to have sat down opposite
lanji Chen
a moment passed before they heard the
sound of Jade and stone knocking against
each other it seems someone had said
something had said something on the
table and pushed it over Lan Chichen was
the first to speak what is the meaning
of this
I'm returning it to erga the guest
answered it was jingunyao
this was a gift from me to you then she
Chan said this travel token has never
failed me all these years
jinguongya said
but now that it is no longer effective
it's time for me to return it to its
rightful owner
way we've shared understood now they
were June and linfang Jun had a close
personal friendship
and so lanci Chen had given jinguaniao a
travel token for unimpeded access in and
out of the cloud recesses
but in all likelihood he had either
modified the barrier's rules or revoked
the access privileges of jingonia's Jade
token at some point over the past few
days
when Jin going out came to visit and saw
that he was refused entry he had taken
the initiative to return the Jade token
like Lan Wong XI Lancia Chen did not
know how to feign civility while
jinguang Yao made a concession Lan
Chichen maintained his silence after a
moment he asked what is the nature of
this visit
there's still no news regarding hang on
June and the yielding patriarch
jinguania said many Clans have their
misgivings and are voicing descent and
my refusal to let others investigate the
cloud recesses erga when it's convenient
for you it would be best if you open the
gates for a couple of hours I'll bring
some men over to help you deal with it
weibusan had thought he was here to
request a search
he'd hardly expect a jingling to say
such things as if he wasn't at all
interested in the whereabouts of the
yielding patriarch and couldn't help but
feel somewhat astonished
be on the screen jinguaniao spoke up
again Ergo what's wrong
nothing lanci Chen replied if you're
worried about Wang XI you don't have to
be Jin Guang Yao assured penguan June is
of an upright and righteous character
this much has been made apparent to
every Clan over all these years he must
have been deceived into doing this
besides he has not done anything
irredeemable yet just explain things
clearly when the time comes I won't give
others the opportunity to gossip
when the time comes manchester-chan
echoed when is that
after the burial mounds have been
cleaned out jinguan Yao explained way
wishen was taken aback lanchi chin
repeated the burial mounds
Jang Wing Yao began to explain further
since the fight at Golden carp Tower
anomalies have been cited in moling
landling young and more graveyards have
been destroyed corpses have vanished
Without a Trace there are signs that a
large number of corpses are moving in
the direction of Euling they are
probably heading for the burial mounds
for what purpose Lan Chichen wondered I
don't know Jing Wang Yao said people
have speculated that has initiated some
kind of evil array or used the yin tiger
tally
he was stabbed by jinling a golden carp
Tower is he in any state to initiate
such things lanci Chen pointed out
erka consider the extent of way wushan's
injuries during the battle with SEC
leader Zhang when he betrayed the Jang
clan of young mung Jing Guang Yao said
didn't he still return to summon and
command corpses is there anything in the
world that could prove difficult for the
Euling patriarch
the way we send stroke this chin you
think too highly of me yeah no [__]
that's one of the greater worlds
problems is that they just like assume
that he's just like a god capable of
like [__] anything so they can accuse
him of anything because surely he's
capable of it even if it's like
literally impossible oh God but don't
get me started on the gossip angle of
this damn story I'll I'll rant all
afternoon
so I suspect there will be a second
Siege of the burial mound soon Jin going
out continued I've already asked a few
other clans to attend golden carp Tower
to discuss this matter erga are you
coming
well then Chichen answered after a while
yes go and wait for me in the Elegance
room I will leave with you shortly
after Jin Guang Yao left Lan Chichen
stepped behind the screen and exchanged
a look with Lan Wang ji I am golden I am
going to Golden carp Tower both of you
go to the burial mounds we will split up
then when she slowly nodded very good if
he is truly false I will not tolerate it
Nancy Chan said
said
oh scene break devastating time for a
scene break
we're at the top ooh pardon me we're at
the top of page 222.
we are now in part two
of chapter 14.
oh
uh
the two descended the cloud recesses
along a paved trail on the way a thick
patch of grass beside the white stone
path suddenly rustled and parted a small
snowball-like furry head and a pair of
long ears popped out
foreign
the rabbit's pink nose twitched when it
saw land Wang ji its drooping ears
suddenly perked up and it sprang toward
him with a kick of its legs
they had come upon a grassy area little
apple was settled next to a tree
surrounded by dozens of rotund white
rabbits I think I've seen art about that
I mean that could also just be a
coincidence because obviously in a story
where there's emphasis on rabbits and
then you also have apple like why
wouldn't you put them together but I
swear I've seen like one specifically of
Apple laying down surrounded by rabbits
I swear
I got so excited I lost my place
most of them had their eyes closed sound
asleep only a few were stirring
way Buchan walked over to the tree and
scratched little Apple's head the donkey
startled awake snorting ragged puffs of
air through its nostrils at the side of
way we Shan it was about to Bray loudly
when the sleeping bunch of rabbits were
all startled awake as well they shook
their long ears and hopped towards Lan
Wang ji blinking as they did
fluff ball after fluff ball swarmed his
snow white boots and circled around him
worked up in a flurry of excitement for
reasons unknown oh no
the rabbits have given his gay ass away
we shouldn't talked at little Apple's
Reigns as he attempted to threaten the
donkey into moving the rabbit stood on
their hind legs clinging to land Roxy's
legs and trying to climb him Len Wang ji
stood his ground as the two of them
started walking again the White Rabbit
stumbled over themselves to follow after
the white boots no matter how bad we
Shan tried to shoot them away they
refused to leave
bent down to lift one rabbit in his arms
his expression was still one of
indifference but his touch was gentle
the character wrapped up in a sentence
his long slender fingers scratched the
rabbit's chin the rabbit flicked its
long long ears and tilted its head its
ruby red eyes narrowing into a contented
line from the scratching
weibusan tried to give it a scratch too
but it turned its head away from his
dastardly hands alas but it disdains me
so it only loves you such devotion
glanced away with Shannon handed over
the rabbit weirushen grinned merrily as
he took it into his arms that rabbit
twisted and struggled with all its might
and Wei wishan tugged its ears you don't
like me you hate me try escaping then go
on try as you might you won't be able to
escape me so behave yourself and start
being friendly
we wish and pinched and teased the
rabbit for a while it was only when they
had almost reached the cloud recess's
main gates that he released it white fur
tussled into a mess unable to follow any
further the rabbits drooped their ears
sadly and sat where they were as they
watched their Master Lee
oh God
that's what we're really all here for
you know you know at the end of the day
we're here for the bunny content
let's all be honest
weirushan glanced back they can't bear
it apart from you gosh hang on June I
didn't expect those little things to
like you so much you must have been very
gentle and attentive while you were
raising them I couldn't do that
no language you asked nope wait we
shouldn't smugly confirmed all that
flies in the sky walks in the land and
swims in the water turns and fleas at
the side of me
Landmark G shook his head his opinion
was all too clear it must have been way
with Shan who terrorized them first and
that was why they didn't like him
after defending the mountain and taking
a hidden path as a shortcut they left
the cloud recesses they kept going until
they had completely left the area where
landsec disciples were active oh my
stomach hurts way wishan suddenly said
glad monkey immediately stopped in his
tracks rest and change your dressings
said I can just ride the donkey ride
then language he agreed way wishan
pulled the long dry face but giving on
the donkey is too big a movement I'm
scared I'll pull the wound
his wounds had long since healed this
was clearly just him being Shameless
stopped and turned around he cast him a
glance then all of a sudden reached out
to wrap his arm around weibusan's waist
avoiding the injured area he gently
lifted him onto little Apple's back
one rode the donkey while the other
walked alongside
I know there's plenty of fan art
of wushan writing Apple Wang ji running
along but if it does not have that
single sentence
somewhere like in the bottom left or
something or maybe just the bottom
I'm sure it exists I just need to find
it
wait we shouldn't sat on little Apple's
back smiling so widely his eyes curved
into crescents
what language she asked nothing wait
with Shan answered
he was a bit smug like he had done
something naughty
although he did not remember much from
his childhood there was a scene that had
made a vague but indelible imprint on
his mind a path a small donkey three
people a man in Black gently lifting a
woman in white onto the back of the
donkey then lifting a little child High
into the air and onto his shoulders
way we Shan had been that child he was
so short he barely reached the thighs of
the black clad man but sitting on the
man's shoulders he suddenly became very
very tall and mighty one moment he was
grabbing the man's hair the next moment
rubbing his cheeks his legs flailing
around his mouth babbling the woman in
white sat on the donkey rocking with its
stride as she watched them seeming to
smile
the man remained silent throughout it
throughout it all he never talked much
it seems
and merely held him supporting him so he
could stand even taller and steadier
with his other hand he picked up the
donkey's reins the trio moved close
together and slowly made their way along
the path
it was one of the few memories he had of
his mom and dad
funny goodness
You Gotta Throw this [__] at me
lenjen hold the reins will you
why Landmark GS little apple was very
intelligent it wasn't like it didn't
know how to follow someone without being
guided
humor me won't you wait with Shan
pleaded come on hold them
although still puzzled as to why baby
Shane's smile was so dazzling
she did as he was asked and picked up
Little Apple's Reigns
voiced his thoughts aloud mm-hmm
all that's left now is a little one
I cannot
[__] believe
hang on hang on hang on hang on we gotta
recover from that one I cannot believe
that one freaking sentence
can have so many freaking meanings
you know
that means [__] about Wu Shan's family
that means [__] about the big gay
feelings he's having for Wang ji that
[__] foreshadowing
I hate her
we really need to start the I hate mxtx
Club at this point
I will lead it
what
reveling in his secret Delight way
wishan said nothing lunch and you're
such a good person
your future was uncertain on this trip
to yelling and fraught with grim
possibilities but as he rode the donkey
with Lan Wang XI leading the way Reigns
in hand way wishen was not nervous at
all he was floating on a cloud so free
of cares he was practically Walking on
Air even if a whole bunch of sex came
barreling out from the trees along the
roadside he wouldn't be bothered at all
well other than being bothered by them
being eyesores and killjoys
he was even in the mood to appreciate
the moonlit wild Paddy fields that
rolled around them
pulling the Bamboo Flute from his waist
he began to play a Melody as naturally
as ever
the sound of the flute was clear and
melodious lenwangji's footsteps faltered
for a fleeting moment
on the other hand suddenly had a flash
of realization
hey Lynn Jen I've got a question what
was the name of the song you sang to me
back then at the Schwan rule of
Slaughter's cave in Mount mushy
languages you regarded him what made you
think to ask that so suddenly
landmarks
just tell me what's it called I think I
might have guessed how you recognized me
by some Curious coincidence the song
that he played that night at Mount
defense happened to be the same one lion
Wang XI had softly hum to him when he
was delirious with fever and the shenu
of Slaughter's cave on not Mushi
that monkey kept his mouth shut refusing
to say a word tell me what's the song
Wait wishan pressed who composed it
I did land monkey replied you
um
wait we shouldn't have thought it was
the secret song of the land clan of gusu
one not meant to be taught to Outsiders
he had never expected this to be the
case instead he was both surprised and
delighted there was me to explain when
he was surprised by that was obvious
enough but he couldn't exactly say why
he was delighted
baby queer steps you know
it's a process
he ventured if that was how you
recognized me does that mean you've
never let anyone else hear it
never
Shan was so happy he accidentally kicked
little apple
little apple braid furiously as a
thinking of kicking its own hind legs to
Buck him off sharp-eyed landmangji
definitely tugged the Rings tight and
Wei wishan wrapped his arms around
little Apple's neck
it's fine it's fine that's just his
temper it'll only fuss a little let's
keep talking so what exactly did you
name it
foreign
on top of something
what do you think
what do you mean what do I think does it
have a name or not maybe we shouldn't
grumbled inwardly land Jen's taste in
names couldn't be the same as Jung
Chung's could it no way aloud he said
are you asking my opinion if you ask me
why not call it after Legend rejected
over 80 carefully chosen names Wei Wu
Shan's interest finally waned
to avoid running into cultivators
searching along the main roads they
chose remote Countryside paths after
walking for a day we wishen was tired
and thirsty coincidentally it was right
around it was right around then that
they spied a farmhouse by the roadside
so then Wang she tug that little Apple's
Reigns to stop it in its tracks
no one answered when they knocked
unexpectedly the door opened by itself
when they pushed it a handmade wooden
table stood in the middle of the
courtyard with a tray of partially
peeled beans on it straw was piled high
by the Earthen wall
and a rake was stuck into the pile
chicks ran all over the ground chirping
as they pecked away at Rice
and saw a few melons piled at the corner
of the courtyard and went over to pick
one up the owner isn't here hang on June
let's just help ourselves to these he
said in all seriousness
was about to take out some money to put
on the table when the sound of footsteps
echoed from Beyond the Wall
two sets oh my God what is this art
hang on two sets one in front and one
behind presumably the owners returning
home
the moment heard the footsteps he
immediately pounced on Lang Wang XI and
pushed him into the pile of straw for
some reason
that explains the image fortunately Len
Wang XI had always been calm and
composed so he did not make a sound at
Wei wu-san weirushan's sudden lunge
however it was obvious he didn't
understand why they had to hide
wavy Shane was also laboring under a
similar confusion
yeah why do we have to hide it's not
like villagers on the countryside are
going to recognize us can't we just tell
them honestly that we're here to buy
food maybe I've committed too many
dastardly deeds and have gotten too used
to sneaking around
but the pounce
meant he had Lan Wang ji pinned
underneath him in the soft straw
this half forceful suggestive pose
evoked a strange feeling of excitement
in him and he decided to simply not get
up
feigning seriousness he raised an index
finger to indicate Lan Wang ji was not
to make a sound then pretending he had
no other alternative he lay on top of
him without any qualms
his heart overflowed with a secret and
Indescribable Delight
from the courtyard came the sound of
wooden stools being pushed and shifted
the farmhouse's owners seemed to have
sat down at the wooden table
okay we're gonna bust out the art
we're gonna bust out the art for this
one look at this look at this pinup look
at this pinup worthy like oh oh no I
have fallen on top of my love interest
whatever will I do except pretend like I
should continue to be fallen upon my
love interest
a woman's voice said ergo
give him to me I'll hold him
Len Wang XI froze slightly at the words
ergaga this time a man's voice answered
just peel the beans
this was followed by the mumbling of a
child clearly fast asleep apparently
they were a young husband and wife the
wife was preparing dinner and the
husband was cradling their sleeping
child in his arms
and grinned broadly as he winked at Lan
Wang ji what a coincidence he whispered
to think one of the farmhouse's owners
is also an ergaga
his words had an upward lilt to them
making his teasing obvious Len rangji
swept a profound look at him and then
twisted his head away
she had his heart fluttered and he
leaned over to whisper and land wangji's
ear
ga
UD monkey's breathing appeared to Hitch
the Gaze he turned on Wei Wu Shan
carried with it a hint of warning
um
hmm
in the courtyard the wife laughed
you don't know how to hold him won't I
be the one who has to soothe him when
you wake him up later by accident
he went wild playing today and he's
tuckered out the husband said he won't
wake up for now the wife broke and
peeled the beans Erica you really have
to be as you really have to be a bit
stricter with abao he's only four years
old and already like this can you
imagine what he'll be like when he grows
up that other child has been driven to
tears a few times already saying he
never wants to play with him again
but he still gives [__] attention every
time the husband pointed out he says he
doesn't want to play with him but deep
down he clearly does
wait we shouldn't let loose a Snicker
lanarker what do you think about that do
you agree
directly into his ear still I imagine
stop talking land Wang she said
ordinary folks could not hear their
quiet commentary as the couple chattered
about their domestic trivialities wavy
Shan relentlessly whispered lanagar and
Len Wong's ear seven or eight times his
crooning was light and soft
um
yeah but um I got a couple ideas as to
something that is not entirely soft
right now
as if you could no longer bear the sound
of it then when she suddenly flipped
them over
in a quick steady movement that didn't
even rustle the pile of straw Wei Wu
Shen was now pinned beneath him
say it again and you will be silenced
land Roxy stated in a whisper
reached for his face but Lan wangji
caught his wrist at once
Wei Wu Shan told him quite solemnly hang
on June their straw stuck on your
forehead ribbon
on hearing this Len Wang ji slowly
released his grip way wishen helped him
remove the tiny piece of straw bringing
it before landmang's View's eyes he saw
smugly said see
I didn't lie to you did I
before he could be smug for long he
heard the young wife say even so you
can't just let about bully others as he
pleases unruffled her husband commented
let him be he's a boy boys always
bullies the bully
boys always bully the ones they're sweet
on they just want their undivided
attention
smile
froze at those words
child seem to wake at that point he
mumbled something in his little voice
and the husband and wife both hurriedly
soothed him playing with him for a
moment until he fell asleep again
Ergo that isn't the only reason I told
you to discipline albao the young woman
said things haven't been safe of late
you have to tell him not not to run all
over while he's out playing and to come
home earlier
I know the husband replied is this about
the old Graves that got dug up near the
village a few days back I hear it's not
just our village the wife said even the
ancestral Graves of city Folk have been
Disturbed it's bizarre it's better for
about to play at home and not keep going
outside
yeah it would be bad if he ran into that
dealing patriarch or something the
husband said wait bushan was speechless
I grew up listening to stories about the
yelling patriarch the young woman said
softly if you're naughty I'll have the
yielding patriarch come for you and feed
you to the ghosts I thought that was
just adults having fun scaring children
but who knew he really existed and he
really came back
yeah the husband chimed in the moment I
heard about the grave digging I thought
of him and I was right the city is abuzz
with rumors now
there was nothing way wishen could do
but resigned himself to being
inextricably linked with grave digging
he'd done his fair share of it in the
past that much was true the sunshot
campaign was by far the most infamous
example he dug the hell out of every
last one ancestral graveyard and
conscripted every last one of their
Clans corpses into his army of the dead
and he'd also turned every single Wen
cultivator he killed into his puppets
commanding them to slaughter their own
Canon companions
during the sunshine campaign these Deeds
had been widely considered inspiring and
praiseworthy but as the sunshine
campaign dipped further into the past
they were treated with far more horror
and contempt even weirushen himself
shared the current public sentiment in
retrospect he truly had gone too far
and with the exposing of his identity a
few days ago he couldn't a few days ago
he couldn't really blame anyone for
hearing about this rash of grave digging
incidents and immediately assuming them
to be the work of the yelling patriarch
I just hope he knows every debt has its
debtor the wife said if he wants to seek
revenge go take it out on cultivators
don't harm ordinary folks like us
you could say for sure
her husband said I was still very young
when he killed more than 3 000 people in
one go in but I remember it wasn't just
cultivators who feared him common folks
feared him too he's a maniacal
bloodthirsty demon one who would even
turn his back on his own flesh and blood
we wish and smile gradually grew subdued
he had been quite interested in
listening to this young couple chat
about domestic trivialities but now all
of a sudden his head felt like it
weighed a thousand tons he wouldn't
raise it and couldn't manage to look at
the expression On LAN Wang ji's face the
rest of the couple's conversation was
completely lost to him
just then a terrifying snarl suddenly
echoed from outside The Farmhouse the
family of three had been talking and
laughing as they ate their meal in the
courtyard but this abrupt an inhuman
Roar startled them so terribly that one
of the Bulls fell to the ground and
shattered abou started crying and the
young man grabbed a hoe don't be scared
don't be scared they weren't the only
ones startled even languishin jerked
slightly then when she moved to get up
but waywashan coming to a sudden
realization grabbed at the front of his
clothing don't move he said
let monkey's eyes widened slightly the
snarling creature was clearly both
Savage and Evil
but this farmer tried to take it on
alone he would no doubt lose his life
but wayushan insisted don't move
a scream rang out from the courtyard
along with more crazed inhuman Roars the
noise was extremely close the creature
had entered the compound lenwangji could
not lie still anymore and Bichon left
its sheath at the speed of lightning
they heard the family of three fling the
door open and flee screaming all the way
the pile of straw had scattered
everywhere after being slashed by bichen
a creature in Black stood in the
courtyard amidst the reign of dancing
straw its hair was disheveled its fangs
were bared and horns sprouted all over
its body it looked at once terrifying
and comical
Len Wang XI who had never seen such a
monster monster before was suddenly
taken abacken meanwhile had already
opened his mouth to give praise oh and
ning your shouts are ever so scary after
not using your voice for so many years
a resigned sounding human voice came
from the black creature's mouth gangxi
I'm a fierce corpse after all and this
is how all Fierce corpses sound
wait wishan patted him on the shoulder
you sound Mighty and Powerful wedding
glanced at Lan Wang ji perhaps
remembering that the land clan of gusu
loathed those who were sloppily dressed
he smoothed his hair apprehensively
with Shan unable to Bear the sight of
the tree branches sticking out of his
hair plucked one off why did you
suddenly jump out and looking like this
to boot were you robbed what's all that
stuff smeared on your face dirt and mud
from the ground winning answered I saw
that both of you went in and didn't come
out after such a long time
you've been following us wait with Shan
asked wending nodded and what would Shan
understood winning didn't dare to
approach anyone other than him so he'd
secretly tailed them after they Departed
the cloud recesses when he saw no
movement after they entered the
Farmhouse he'd gone over to eavesdrop
and heard the young couple discussing
Wei Wu Shen feeling awkward just
standing there he thought to scare them
away so the way we Shan and Len Wang XI
could come out and he probably felt his
usual appearance wasn't sufficiently
intimidating so he'd stuck a whole bunch
of random things to himself
maybe she had almost laughed himself to
death at wedding's Antics wending looked
abashed as he vigorously wiped the mud
away and as he did weibusan noticed the
blood on his hands what happened
oh it's nothing winning replied the
stench of blood Len Wang ji said it was
only then that way when she had noticed
one thing wreaked of blood his heart
stopped wending hardly waved his hands
it's not blood
or no I mean yes it's blood but not the
blood of living humans
that living humans weibusan questioned
him did you fight with something
Whitney LED them to a patch of forest
some distance away there were 20 or 30
fresh graves in the woods next to a
partially dug pit with a pile of corpses
beside it a pile rather than a stack
because the Corpses
were in pieces
well [__]
we need to take a break we may as well
take a break there
uh we're about
uh two-thirds of the way down on page
oh man that uh that scene in the hay is
gonna live rent free in my head for a
while
whoo
I uh I don't think my back is too bad at
the moment I'll find out when I stand up
but it should be closer to 10 minutes
today than 15 it is 401. I should be
back around 4 10 or 4 15
and I now have the actual screen back so
that I can actually go to break like a
good YouTuber and uh we will be back for
the second half of today's reading
session
back in a moment
hello hello
we are back again for part two
and we are going to be diving right back
in this is of course presuming that you
guys can still hear me
hey
so we were today guys janae's here
uh Janae is also a a YouTuber for uh
also a reaction YouTuber she and I
actually did a little uh collab live
stream talking about Ken Porsche that
was a hell of a lot of fun if you uh if
you haven't seen it
um it's in
one of the kin Porsche playlists that I
have on my channel
you should absolutely check it out and
check her out she's delightful she's
wonderful she's probably watching all
your favorite things
um
she has seen Janae has seen the devil J
I believe she has given that a try
um although I have been meaning to kind
of slide into her DMS and ask exactly
like where she stopped and like why to
see if I can
Wrangle Eugene into potentially
finishing
devil judge
because it's not one of my favorite
things and
I'm super obnoxious
ah let's see
where hello hello
I tell everybody where we left off
before the break and do I remember it by
the time we get back from the break
not at all I should really probably
write that down actually
at the end of each break or at the
beginning of each break
hmm
where
ah yes the corpses were in pieces that's
where we left off
uh
lovely place where yeah we're towards
the bottom of page 235
went up to inspect it
some of the severed arms were still
clenching and unclenching their fingers
while some of the heads were still
opening and closing their jaws and
filling the air with the sound of
grinding teeth
they had already turned into animated
Corpses
you tore them up pretty good way with
Shan commented if I didn't they would
have been completely Unstoppable and
gone on to bite people winning said
there were Fierce corpses like these all
along the way
the entire way were you hurrying ahead
of us to dispose of them
winning nodded hesitantly his ability to
identify His Kind was better than that
of a living humans and he couldn't and
he could do it over a greater range too
if that was the case it was little
wonder why their Journey had been so
uneventful given the news that a horde
of fierce corpses was making its way
towards yelling Wei Wu Shan had been
wondering why they hadn't encountered a
single one
it seemed when ning had beaten them to
it and cleared out any such obstacles
because once again MV [__] P when
ning MVP that's that's just that's facts
that is facts
when did you start following ushan asked
since golden carp Tower Len Wang ji
replied Wei Shen looked at one ning he
lent a helping hand during the fight
against the various sects land wanji
explained further we wish inside didn't
I tell you to find a place to hide and
not worry about anything
when ning gave a rye smile but gungji
where would I go to hide
Once Upon a Time he'd had somewhere he
could return to people he could follow
but now everyone other than Wei Wu Shan
was incomparably unfamiliar to him
after a moment of silence way wishan
stood and patted off the dust on his
bottom hems
let's bury them
wending nodded hurriedly and continued
working away at the partially dug pit
Len Wang ji droopy Chen the moment the
swords Aura emerged the ground cracked
apart and muddy soil went flying
everywhere
hang on June are you going to help with
grave digging too wait with Shan asked
Len manxi turned his head about to speak
when he saw a wedding standing right
behind him
wending tried his best to lift the
stiffened corners of his lips and
squeeze out a smile
do you need any help I finished my
digging my side
when she glanced behind him at the row
of pitch black pits in the Mounds of
soil piled up neat and high winding
maintained his smile
I do this sort of thing often I'm
experienced fast and BP
no explanation was needed as to who
often made him do that sort of thing
after a moment of silence Len Wang she
said
no need go help trailing off he realized
webrushan had not moved at all but was
squatting over to the side watching them
work he'd swiped a melon on his way out
of The Farmhouse and now seemed to be
mulling over how to cut it open he
caught sight of land Wang ji's
judgmental gaze
hang on June don't look at me like that
I have no tools and my spiritual power
is weak right every discipline has its
experts that much is true when it comes
to digging Graves when ning is the
fastest the two of us might as well
discuss how to eat this melon bichen
isn't usable for the time being since it
just dug a grave do either of you have
spare blades or swords or something
when ning shook his head sorry I didn't
bring anything
um where hushan said did you bring
swabian with you
swabian I believe something like that
Len Wang ji gave no comment
in the end he still retrieved swabian
from his chenkin sleeve
with the melon in one hand and the sword
in the other weibusan gave the blade a
flashy twirl he cut the melon into eight
pieces then crouched back on the ground
to eat while he watched the other two
diligently dig Graves
within an incense time when ning had dug
a row of neat uniform pit uniform pits
he apologized as he ends as he entered
the corpse as he had previously
dismembered I'm really sorry everyone I
can't tell your corpses apart anymore
please don't take offense if I bury you
in the wrong arrangement
after finishing the melon and burying
the remaining corpses weibusan and Len
Wang ji continued on their Journey
several days later they arrived in
yelling
the burial mounds were less than five
kilometers ahead of this small town
although they didn't know exactly what
awaited them there way Lucian had a
feeling it wasn't anything good
but Len Wang XI was right by his side
his gate steady his gaze cool
had never been one with any sense of
Crisis to begin with and with the way
Lan Wang XI looked he was even less
likely to get nervous at all passing
through the small town of yeling he was
Awash in the sounds of the local accent
it was invigorating and incomparably
endearing while he wasn't planning on
buying anything he couldn't help but
strike up conversations in the local
dialect with the street vendors only
after he'd had his fill of socializing
did he get down to business
hang on June you remember this town
right
Len Wang she gave a slight nod yes where
we Shang Grand I knew you had a better
memory than me we ran into each other
once right here in this town I happened
to bump into you when you came to Euling
for a night hunt and said I'd treat you
to a meal you remember that too
yes
it's a shame you still ended up paying
the bill
waywashan laughed he sat cross-legged on
the donkey swaying back and forth and
asked with seeming nonchalance speaking
of which hang won Jun do you have any
plans to retreat in retirement
then monkey paused for a moment seeming
to be pondering the question wait we
should struck while the iron was hot and
pushed further have you even considered
what you'll do when you retire
Landmark she regarded him not yet
perfect so then I'll help you think
waywashan thought
he would find a sparsely populated spot
with picturesque scenery and build a big
house for himself there he could help
land Wang ji build one next door too
there'd be home-cooked meals and soup
every day of course it would be best if
land Wang she did the cooking otherwise
they'd be stuck with whatever way Lucian
made it would be best if like when she
handled the household finances as well
before his eyes they're materialized an
image of Lan Wang XI wearing coarse
clothing with patches soon on his chest
on his chest and knees sitting
expressionlessly at a handmade wooden
table as he counted money one coin at a
time once he finished counting Len Wang
ji would sling a hoe over his shoulder
and head off to work for the day
meanwhile way wishan would he would what
would he do
way we shouldn't reflected seriously on
what he ought to be doing people often
talked about earning their daily
Necessities by working the fields or
weaving well someone was already killing
the land so that left him with the job
of weaving the very idea made him wins
he saw himself stuck sitting
cross-legged in front of a loom all day
restlessly jiggling his knee no he
should be the one out with the hoe and
Lang Wang see the one weaving the latter
was more suited to it
I love how this retirement fantasy with
Wang ji kind of turned into a nightmare
there for a second
they would catch fish until the fields
during the day at night they'd head out
with swords
or swords and hands to night hunt and
slay evil if they got bored of living
the Pastoral life they could pretend
there was no such thing as Retirement
they could re-enter society and it would
all be the same
but this life of theirs was still
missing
a little one
you know I've seen more than once
really hilarious posts about how you
know Wei Wu Shan is just dreaming of a
house with a picket fence and you know
two SUVs a couple of dogs three and a
half kids with Wang ji and all that jazz
and then meanwhile Wang she's like I
could rail this guy into next week like
those kinds of posts I'd seen those
before and because I hadn't read this
and had only seen the Untamed I was like
I mean I guess I kind of get that
impression from where from weirushan and
like I kind of get where that's coming
from but like no in the book it's just
right there he's already daydreaming of
the return
wow wow
wow also bringing up a little one again
I still hate her anyway
a little what Lang Wang ji suddenly
spoke up
huh it was then the way we Shane
realized he had said the last sentence
out loud
he quickly insensibly explained I said
little apple is still missing a little
companion
little apple Twisted its head to look at
him and spat hard we wish and smacked
its head and laughed as he pulled its
long ears but quickly found he could
laugh no more his Daydreams had reminded
him of something
he'd once had a little one with him
and the child lived he would have been
in his teens now
um
the burial mounds were located deep in
the yelling mountain range
it was said that the burial mounds were
a mountain of corpses that one could
unearth the corpse by sticking a shovel
into any given spot on the ground
true the burial mounds were originally
an ancient Battleground used in the
following years as a Dumping Ground for
unidentified bodies this resulted in the
place being swathed in a persistent
Perpetual miasma of resentment and Yin
energy until it finally became the
nightmare of everyone in the Euling
region
the trees on the hillsides were black as
coal as if they had been contaminated by
resentment a wall more than three meters
high had been constructed at the foot of
the mountain its surface was densely
packed with engraved incantations that
prohibited humans and non-humans alike
from crossing over
entering or leaving
this wall of incantations enclosed the
entirety of the burial mounds and had
originally been built by the third
family head of the one clan of shishen
it was impossible to purify the
overwhelming force of resentful Spirits
within so they'd had to settle for the
second best option imprison and isolate
them
had knocked down this wall once the
current one was new rebuilt and
reinforced under the Gin clan of
landling's leadership but upon their
arrival they discovered that a long
stretch of the wall had been knocked
down once again
leaving the donkey at the foot of the
mountain weibusan Strode over the ruins
of the stone wall to continue his Ascent
along the path
not long after he saw a headless Stone
statue of a beast
the Stone Beast weighed more than 500
kilos and had been guarding the mountain
path for many years Vines coiled all
over its body and Moss grew in its
cracks the head of the Beast had been
whacked off with a heavy ax and hurled a
short distance away where it had then
been smashed to Pieces perhaps as a
demonstration of power
this had clearly been done recently
since the statue's fresh Snow White
insides were on display at its beheaded
stump further along they encountered
another statue that had also been hacked
in half
way wishen immediately guessed that
these were the mountain guarding Stone
bee statues the Clans had set up on the
feng shui points or key geomancy points
of the burial mounds after his death
stone statues like these had the ability
to suppress nefarious things and
exercise evil they required expert skill
and expensive materials to craft
unfortunately it seemed they had all
been destroyed truly what a waste
way with Shannon and then Wang she
walked a few more steps side by side
with an inadvertent glance back way
wishan saw that when ning had already
appeared his head his head hung low and
he stood unmoving next to a stone bee
statue
when ning what are you looking at
winning pointed to the base of the
statue
it had been built Atop A thick round and
short stump beside the stump were three
smaller shorter stumps that were charred
black as if they had been burned by
Raging Fire
wending kneeled and dug his fingers deep
into the Earth to grab a handful of
black soil
holding it in his palm he whispered Gigi
weiwu Shan didn't know what to say
he walked over and gave him a firm pat
on the shoulder
there had been two extremely arduous
periods in weibushan's life both of them
spent here
he'd never intended to revisit his old
haunts or take a trip down memory lane
and for when ning the burial mounds were
even harder to forget
a gust of cold wind swept by the Sea of
trees rustled sounding like the
whispering of millions of tiny voices we
wish and listened intently bending down
on one knee he gently murmured something
to the ground beneath him
suddenly a bulge disrupted the Earth
like a pale flower blooming from black
soil a skeletal arm slowly emerged the
Bony hand reached feebly upward and
weibusan reached out with his own to
hold it
he lowered himself even further and the
motion made his long hair slide over his
shoulders to cover half his face
he put his lips to the skeletal hand and
whispered something then fell silent as
if he was listening after a moment he
gave a slight knot of his head
the hand furled back into a bud and
burrowed back into the ground
weirushan stood up and brushed soil off
himself
more than 100 people have been caught
and dragged up the mountain one after
another in the last few days
they're all still alive and imprisoned
at the peak of the Mounds but whoever
grabbed them has already left the area
there's no telling what they plan to do
but in any event be careful he did not
just [__] confer
with her
he no
for the sake of my mental and emotional
well-being I am violently rejecting that
I'm so violently rejecting that that I
have lost my [__] place
there we are
the trio walked further up and came
across a number of dilapidated Huts
erected along the mountain path
most of these houses were very small
with simple even rudimentary designs it
was clear at a glance that they had been
built in a hurry some had been burned
down to their frames While others had
collapsed even the best preserved houses
were half destroyed after being
subjected to the elements for more than
a decade with nobody to look after them
they were on their last legs they looked
like wraiths and tattered Rags silently
watching the visitors coming up from the
foot of the mountain
ever since they had ascended the
mountain wending's footsteps had been
particularly heavy now he stopped in
front of one of the houses unable to
move his feet at all
this was a house he'd built with his own
hands before he'd left this house had
been perfectly intact
although it was simple and rudimentary
it had been a perfect shelter from
storms
and a home to people he knew and
cherished why is this
um
ah
not her wasn't her I was thinking it
might have been her could have been her
would have been that would have been
terrible
I mean it was so painfully sad because
it had to have been someone but yeah
um
Lord
[Music]
now I'm like so relieved I lost my place
I hadn't gotten that far
yes as the saying went things remain but
people change
while the things remained there was
nothing left here to remind him of the
people that were long gone
don't look way wishan told him
I knew long ago that it would be like
this waning said I just wanted to see if
there was anything left
before he could finish a human figure
Rose unsteadily to its feet inside one
of the dilapidated houses
it lumbered outside exposing its
partially decayed face to the faint
daylight weibusan clapped his hands The
Walking Corpse remained oblivious and
continued to Lumber towards them
Weber Sean calmly took two steps back
it's being controlled by the yin tiger
tally
corpse puppets that had previously
submitted to him would not be subject to
the control of the entire tally
similarly corpse puppets that were
currently being manipulated by the
entire tally would not heed his command
the rule was simple and crude first come
first served
winning lunged forward he ripped The
Corpse's head off with a snarl
immediately afterward a low noise
rumbled all around them
40 or 50 animated corpses slowly
lumbered out of the black forest
most of these corpses male and female
young and old were still fresh and
dressed in burial clothes they were
likely the corpses that had recently
gone missing from various regions
then one G flipped out his kitchen and
strummed the sound rippled outward and
all around and the advancing horde of
corpses that had surrounded them
instantly kneeled
wedding lifted an extraordinarily Burly
male corpse with both hands and flung it
several meters away impaling it through
the chest on a sharp Branch it struggled
incessantly stuck in place
don't bother with them way we shouldn't
ordered head straight up the mountain
he had no idea how many walking corpses
jingling had managed to frenetically
summon with the entire tally over the
last few days
wave after wave kept coming and the trio
beat back the hordes as they withdrew up
the mountain the closer they came to the
top of the burial mounds the denser the
hordes of corpses grew the music of the
guccin reverberated through the through
the sky above the Towering black forest
and crows took flight from the Trees of
the sound
it was nearly four hours before that it
was nearly four hours before that they
were finally able to rest
set Atop A destroyed Stone Beast statue
and heaved a weary breath I used to be
the one using that thing against
everyone and now but now it's finally
someone else's turn to use it against me
he mocked himself
I know now just how abominable the
entire tally is if I'd been on the
receiving end back in the day I'd wanted
to kill whoever made the damn thing too
then Wang Chi put away his good chin
and then pulled out a long sword from
his sleeve and handed it to weibusan for
defense
it was swabian
waveshan had idly tossed the sword aside
after using it to cut up the melon
earlier and it seemed Lang Wang she had
tucked it away again
took it from him now he unsheathed The
Sword and gazed at its Snow White blade
for a while before decisively pressing
it back into its sheath with a smile he
said thanks
he secured it at his waist although he
had no intention of using it seeing Len
Wang ji looking expectantly at him he
scratched his head it's been too many
years since I last used that sword I'm
out of practice that he sighed all right
the real easy the real reason is that my
new body's spiritual power is weak even
if I'm armed to the teeth with a top
grade spiritual weapon I won't be able
to use its power to the fullest so this
frail delicate men must still rely on
hang won Jun to protect him
had no reply
the frail delicate man sat for a while
before he finally braced his hands on
his knees and pushed himself upright the
trio continued to ascend the mountain
for a while longer at the end of the
path they reached a cave
the pitch black mouth of the cave was
over 16 meters tall and wide before they
even got close they were assaulted by
gust after gust of Chilly wind they
could almost hear faint indiscernible
human moans
this was rumored to be the yielding
patriarch's Infamous Lair where he'd
committed atrocities most unspeakable
and slaying humans to conscript them
into the ranks of his army of the Dead
the demon quelling cave
the domed ceiling of the demon quelling
cave was high and Broad the three held
their breath as they crept into the cave
not one of them made a single sound but
the human voice is coming from deep
within the cave only grew louder and
noisier
knew this Cave's terrain like the back
of his hand he walked at the front
leading them and when they came to a
particular spot he gestured for the
other two to stop
they were separated from the main area
of the cave by a stone wall
through the through the holes in the
wall they could see a cavern big enough
to accommodate a thousand people over a
hundred currently sat in the center with
their limbs securely Bound by Immortal
binding robes from the looks of it the
captives were all extremely young
judging by their swords and the colors
of their attire they were either Scions
or high-ranking sect disciples from
various Clans
we were saying exchange to look with
land Roxy before they could start
quietly discussing their options one of
the youths sitting on the ground
suddenly started speaking
if you ask me you shouldn't have stabbed
him just once why didn't you just
decapitate him
this voice wasn't terribly loud but the
demon quilling cave was empty and
cavernous the moment he opened his mouth
the echo resounded everywhere as such
there was no need to eavesdrop since
they could hear everything quite clearly
the moment the boy spoke Wei wishen
realized he both looked and sounded
familiar it took a while to recall that
he was the boy who'd gotten in that
tussle with Jin Ling the other day Jin
Chan he took another look at the frosty
gloomy looking youth beside the
aforementioned boy who else could it be
if not jinling jinling didn't even spare
a look at chinchan but kept his head
down and said nothing allowed Rumble
gurgled from the stomach of another boy
sitting beside him they've been gone for
days the boy complained what do they
even want from us if they want to kill
us to trap us to bits they could at
least make it quick I'd rather be nod to
death by a monster during a night hunt
than starve to death here
the one blabbering on and on was
launching you
what else could they want jinchen shot
back they must be planning to do the
same thing he did to the wind dogs
during the sunshot campaign they'll turn
us into his corpse puppets then then use
us against our families so they can't
bring themselves to attack they want to
let their enemies do the work of killing
each other off through gritted teeth he
growled that despicable inhuman way dog
all of a sudden jindling isolate cut him
off shut up
was stunned shut up what do you mean
shut up what do I mean jinling echoed
mockingly did you go deaf or stupid so
you can't understand human speech shut
up means stop making such a racket
having been tied up for a while jin-chan
was in quite a cantankerous mood
who helped me to shut up he raged what's
the use of spouting all that crap
jinling's fatback will the ropes break
just because you keep going on and on
and on it's so annoying to have to
listen to you you
are trapped here another young voice
interrupted
there are countless walking corpses
outside and we have no idea if or when
they will decide to charge in do you
really still want to bicker at a time
like this
the calmest voice of the bunch was of
course
Lancashire
he started it gentran objected
what you can cuss people out but won't
let them return the favor
jinling who do you think you are you
think just because laughing journey is
the cultivation Chief now you will be
one day I won't shut up the way I see it
you a thud echoed through the cave as
jingling slammed his head into Jin Jans
Jin Chan cried out in pain and cursed
you want to fight bring it on you've
pissed me off now you motherless
ill-bred brat
jinling was absolutely livid
when he heard this
he couldn't throw punches with his arms
bound so he pummeled Jin Chan with his
elbows and knees until the ladder was
yelping in pain
but jinling was just one person and Jin
Chan always had a posse to back him up
the moment his crony saw Jin Chan was at
a disadvantage they immediately yelled
will help and came swarming over
Lynn shaziri is sitting nearby was
helplessly swept up into the melee with
great difficulty he managed to urge the
others to calm down all of you calm down
at first
but as he continued to get accidentally
whacked again and again by flying elbows
his brows furrowed in pain and his face
grew increasingly dark in the end he too
joined the scuffle with a frustrated cry
the three on the outskirts couldn't
watch any longer Wei bushan took the
lead leaping in onto the stone stairs
before the demon quelling cave and
hollering at the crowd hey everyone look
here
his shout reverberated definitely
through the demon quelling cave the
tussling youths all looked up seeing the
familiar figure beside weiwu Shan
lancizui loudly crowd out in the light
ly cried out in Delight hang on June Lan
jingy screamed even louder hey Juan
Junior
what are you guys so happy about
jin-chan with seeds of Terror there
there are accomplices
and strod into the demon quelling cave
he pulled swipe in
out of its sheath and offhandedly
chucked it behind him the sword was
caught in free fall by a shadow that
darted forward it was winding the group
of Juniors screamed and shrieked again
the good ghost General
winning race swabian and slashed the
sword down toward jinling jinling
gritted his teeth and shut his eyes but
contrary to his expectations he felt the
immortal binding ropes hold on him
slacking as swabian severed it
when ning walked around the cave slicing
free all the immortal binding robes the
Juniors he set free could neither flee
nor stay inside the cave was the
yielding patriarch the ghost General and
hang won Jun who betrayed the Orthodox
way but outside looked countless walking
corpses braying for food
caught on the horns of a dilemma all
they could do was shrink back into a
corner and stare fixedly at the stoic
when ning as he busied himself around
the cave
however was beaming brightly Mo which
Envy you're here to rescue us right you
weren't the one who had us captured and
brought here right
although it was a question his
expression spoke of complete trust and
Delight way with Sharon felt his heart
grow warm he squatted down to ruffle
land to do his hair which had somehow
stayed neat over the past few trying
days and mess it all up
me you know how poor I am where would I
get the money to hire people Lancashire
nodded again and again uh-huh I knew it
I knew that chenbei is really very poor
what we said was momentarily struck
speechless good boy he finally faintly
praised how many people do our opponents
have are there any ambushes set up
around here lendingly shook off the Rope
on him and barged into the conversation
to answer they have lots of people their
faces were covered with black smoke so
we didn't get a clear look at what they
looked like
they tied us up and threw us in here
then just ignored us like they wanted to
leave us to perish here oh hello and
there are lots of walking corpses
outside they keep on howling beachen
emerged from its sheath with a shing to
to sever the remaining Immortal binding
ropes that bound the two of them LED
monkey summoned the sword back into its
sheath and commended land shizui well
done
what he meant was that lancizui had done
well to keep his composure and maintain
his trust in them Lance is very hurried
through his feet and stood tall as he
faced land monkey but before he could
manage to smile why we Shan intervened
with a cheeky comment that's right well
done indeed she sure even knows how to
brawl now
lanceri's face flushed red in an instant
that that was a momentary impulse
all of a sudden the way we shouldn't
send someone approaching he looked back
only to see jinling standing stiffly
behind them Len rongshi immediately
stepped in front of weirushan to Shield
him and then shizui stepped in front of
land Wang Ji
from behind them what are the two of you
doing it's like you're making a human
pyramid
jinling's expression was strange as he
relaxed his fists clenched them and
relaxed them again he looked like there
was something he wanted to say but
couldn't instead he just stared at the
spot where he had stabbed way with Shan
in the abdomen lenging his face drained
of color you you you're not thinking
about stabbing him again are you
jinling's expression froze
monetarily weigushan wrapped his arms
around the kiddos necks with jingy on
his left and a shizui on his right all
right let's hurry out he tried it yes
sir Lan Wang she answered the other boys
were still huddled together in the
corner not daring to move
uh let's go or do you want to stick
around here Legend he asked the crowd
a boy stiffened his neck and said there
are so many walking corpses out there
you want us to go to our deaths
gungji I'll go out and chase them away
wending stated way wishen nodded and in
an instant when ning swept out like a
gust of wind
The Immortal binding ropes have been cut
lancizui said if worse comes to worse
we'll join forces and work as one to
fight our way out what if the corpse is
swarming after we depart judging by the
Topography of this cave won't you be
easy prey if you stay here having said
this he pulled lanjingy with him the two
of them followed after one ning and
several other land Juniors followed suit
the rest of the boys exchanged books of
dismay
soon after someone called out wait for
me
he caught up and left with them this boy
was the Romantic who had burned paper
money and shed tears for ouching in
yeast City oh
the others called him Z gen
yeah
he appeared to be the only son of the
uyen clan of balang
after that several others followed in
succession all of them familiar faces
from East City the remaining boys were
hesitant but then saw weiwu Shannon
lungwenji staring at them the staring
made them nervous no matter who was
doing it so all they could do was steal
themselves and head outside keeping a
wide berth between them as they did
surprisingly enough chin Ling was the
last one out
just as the giant group had managed to
drag their feet to the Cave's entrance a
figure was suddenly flung inside the
figure smashed into the cave wall
creating a deep human-shaped crater
Dustin Stone rained down noisily
a few Juniors exclaimed in shocked the
ghost General winning question what
happened
nothing wendings answered arduously
he tumbled from the crater then stood up
to crudely pop his arm back into its
socket in silence
maybe send squinted his eyes to look and
saw a man in purple standing at the
mouth of the demon quilling cave with
his hands at his sides
spiritual energy sizzled around zidion
the whip was what had sent wedding
flying into the cave
no wonder wedding had showed no intent
to counter-attack
Juju jinling called out jinling come
here zhengchang ordered coldly
and I believe that's where we have to
stop for today
yeah it is 4 51. we are at the top
of page 253.
it still astounds me
the level of faithfulness
that that the show has
I mean
seriously I can see it all
I can see so much of it playing out
directly from the show
that's impressive
but the ducklings are back
we've run into the ducklings again and
best boy
not the way we wish I knows he's best
boy I wonder what that's gonna look like
actually
in the book
and
just so many things we've gotten through
so much
we are now you know over halfway through
the entire story because there will be
five volumes
um there'll be five volumes in total of
motivation
so we're now like over halfway up
through the story as a whole and we've
already seen so much but because there's
just so much packed into this whole
thing there's still so many things that
I want to get to
for [__] sake plus you know some of
the extra stuff that couldn't be in the
so
but that is
it for today what the hell is today
Thursday I will see you guys on Tuesday
and then judging by where we are
um next Thursdays might be a short one
we may not need like a break
uh before uh before we finish this
actual volume
um and I can't remember when volume 4
comes out but I will I will look that up
before we finish the book and we'll have
that to look forward to but we will
definitely be finishing this by Thursday
of next week there is only a couple of
sessions left before we're at the end
because we tend to make pretty time and
this book's a little bit shorter than
the other ones by about like 30 pages
which in and of itself is almost an
entire one of these reading videos right
um but anyway we'll be finishing it next
week
super curious to see where this one ends
and what kind of cliffhanger it leaves
me on
CE again
but I will see you guys on Tuesday as
per usual same time 3 P.M and we will
keep freaking going and this next part's
gonna be you know a little bit painful
but I feel like we've been through the
biggest tragedy of this section of the
story
so far not discounting the little
sprinklings of emotion that mxtx left
gives us because she's a sadist
um but I'll see you guys next Tuesday